# IDS Policy

In order to preserve the integrity of data that healthfinch stores, processes, or transmits for Customers, healthfinch implements strong intrusion detection tools and policies to proactively track and retroactively investigate unauthorized access. healthfinch currently utilizes [Threat Stack](http://www.threatstack.com/) to track key file integrity, monitor system access and activity, and detect rootkit activity. [Sumo Logic](http://www.sumologic.com) is a centralized log management system used to correlate activity across servers.

## Intrusion Detection Policy

* Threat Stack is used to monitor and correlate log data from different systems on an ongoing basis. Reports generated by OSSEC are reviewed by the Security Officer on a daily basis.
* Threat Stack generates alerts to analyze and investigate suspicious activity or suspected violations. Highly suspect activity triggers an incident that automatically pages support staff
* OSSEC monitors file system integrity and sends real time alerts when suspicious changes are made to the file system.
* Automatic monitoring is done to identify patterns that might signify the lack of availability of certain services and systems (DOS attacks).
* All new firewall rules and configuration changes are tested before being pushed into production. All firewall and router rules are reviewed every quarter.
* healthfinch utilizes redundant firewall on network perimeters.
* Static IP addresses are used for healthfinch servers.

### Applicable Standards from the HITRUST Common Security Framework

*  09.ab - Monitoring System Use
*  06.e - Prevention of Misuse of Information
*  10.h - Control of Operational Software

### Applicable Standards from the HIPAA Security Rule

* 164.312(b) - Audit Controls

### Applicable Standards from the SOC2 Trust Services Principles
